don't really don't really want it y'all
don't really wanna die don't really
shadow really what is we me y'all don't
really really runny me
really what it with me no really one
really one baby yeah really one in my
shadow
really one it we meet y'all don't really
one really one it baby yeah
really what it with me no really yeah
really funny baby y'all don't really
wanna know really ready copy on calico
bitch I'm doing my thing here really not
go loud there's about a three to one
that's I I wrote that good weed up no
life and then I burn that all night any
minute I'll be in the sky my teammate
I'll be reckoned crying again when a
them suckers only be jacking they
looking at me so crazy ready
cuz I'm riding on a pallet really I've
been - yeah really
dramas ain't never running from me
really happy
blending women trying to give me like a
stallion sale ain't no killer
but don't tell me I don't really want it
with me don't really wanna really wanna
break me down really funny I don't
really want it with me don't really want
it yeah don't really want it with me
he'll Billy ponies don't really want it
with me don't really wanna really wanna
break me I don't feel it Bonnie I don't
really wanna quit me don't really want
it yeah no really lonely with me don't
really wanna help it you know pretty
fucking bad I hold a nigga try to catch
me up hit a nigga see looking back to
bed you better back it up say fuck the
winter I'm a buncha nigga Lee yeah a
nigga I'll go to montego's late twice it
has to deal with every cursive nigga
yeah you know moaning don't Nick it's
nobody you nigga say you'll be in bone
see my club and my Oh bleep oh Jesus for
my tea so you cannot coach yeah say hi
but I keep it low you heard about your
fucking nose
ain't ready with the money boy I get a
hundred on so open your mouth and I'm
spinning this nigga ain't winning with
your money boy I get my hunch browser
open mouth finish don't really want
neither ya really wanna help
really nigga y'all ready y'all really
wanna don't really want nigga I don't
really want it I don't really wanna
never betray a man walking if you don't
see black in
don't butter me shit Gawker a critic
Chieko understand live by three two one
broke it alone guess we're busy well
fuck trying to the fullest nights out
back down stream nigga like my dad gonna
sound gonna throw my little y'all nigga
get respect slow stop don't know dog had
to see my gosh Chauncey
haters tryna take gosh IG sleep on a
mine don't get my graph
really what it we meet y'all really
man just ended the juice will be no
sound flower level I kill the shit and
they eat your own Sam that was not being
tea
you know I'm gonna battle you know
saying see little crib yeah look hardly
understand
oh yeah you lucky nigga half style yeah
don't tell me break my shit you know I'm
saying
check me out Jesus roof and when we've
heard nation I'm killing shit but I
guess I'm number five but I'm still
alive show me I'm saying
oh yeah look at the new cut I just did
you know I'm saying getting ready for
the video you know on top yeah eh at me